Fix Canton upgrading page for 2.10 (#795)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.10.0/docs/canton/usermanual/upgrading.rst

Upgrade to Release 2.9
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Protocol versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Protocol Versions
```

"""""""""""""""""

> The recommended protocol versions is 5 (see :ref:`here <protocol_version>` for more information about protocol versions).

Reviewer 2: `versions` -> `version`

Version 2.9 does not offer support for protocol versions 3 and 4.

> If your sync domain is running one of these protocol versions, you need to perform the upgrade described :ref:`below <one_step_migration>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your sync domain is running one of these protocol versions, upgrade as described :ref:`below <one_step_migration>`.
```

Protocol version should be set explicitly
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Until now, the sync domains were configures to pick the latest protocol version by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until now, sync domains were configured to pick the latest protocol version by default.
```

Note that the ``migrate_domain`` command in 2.9 now automatically removes such data,
but only for the sync domain on which it has been invoked.

> Paging in party Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paging in Party Management
```

""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> By default, the `ListKnownParties` method on the `PartyManagementService` will now only return at most 10'000
> to avoid memory issues in participants that knows more than 10'000 parties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ListKnownParties` method on the `PartyManagementService` now returns at most 10,000 results by default
to avoid memory issues in participants that know more than 10,000 parties.
```

    tests, and its steps are known to work, additional measures and configuration may be required to
    address the peculiarities of your environment.

One-Step Migration Recipe for 2.10
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
General recipe to migrate from a sync domain running on a :ref:`2.3 <upgrade_to_2.3>`,
:ref:`2.4 <upgrade_to_2.4>`, :ref:`2.5 <upgrade_to_2.5>`, :ref:`2.6 <upgrade_to_2.6>`,
:ref:`2.7 <upgrade_to_2.7>` or :ref:`2.8 <upgrade_to_2.8>` release and protocol
version 3 or 4 to a new sync domain running on the 2.10 release and protocol version 5:

.. note::

>     Although version 2.10 supports other protocol versions, it is recommended to use protocol version 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Although version 2.10 supports other protocol versions, protocol version 5 is recommended.
```

.. note::

>     When upgrading from 2.9 to 2.10, follow the steps for :ref:`upgrading the Canton binary <upgrade_canton_binary>`
>     instead. Because both, 2.9 and 2.10 releases support protocol version 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When upgrading from 2.9 to 2.10, follow the steps for :ref:`upgrading the Canton binary <upgrade_canton_binary>`
    instead, as both 2.9 and 2.10 support protocol version 5.
```
